Stop using whitelist and blacklist in our code base (#9775)
desktop/desktop: docs/known-issues.md

Enabling Mandatory ASLR affects the MSYS2 core library, which is relied upon by Git for Windows to emulate process forking.

> **Not supported:** this is an upstream limitation of MSYS2, and it is recommend that you either disable Mandatory ASLR or allowlist all executables under `<Git>\usr\bin` which depend on MSYS2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Not supported:** this is an upstream limitation of MSYS2, and it is recommend that you either disable Mandatory ASLR or explicitly allow all executables under `<Git>\usr\bin` which depend on MSYS2.
```
